

1. On transaction show an alert message on save record if the on hand quantity is zero.
2. Create a Map/Reduce script send an email to customer on daily,weekly and monthly bases attached PDF aur CSV to the email in PDF and CSV attached a sales order data.
3. Create a User event script as on transaction line level there is subscription field, from the subscription record get subscription plan field and set it on 
   transaction line level custom field.
4. Create a advance PDF on Invoice If subscription are captured on line level are same then grouping of data and also sum of the amount, gross amount as per the 
   subscription.
5. Create a save search on inbound shipment and attached a PDF to created save search and on PDF print item barcode, and print barcode as per quantity.
6. Create a map reduce script to set a transaction date on Item fulfillment line level custom field and also set same date on sales order if item fulfillment is 
   created from Sales order.
7. On Work order create a custom button as "BOM Print" on click generate a advance pdf. use render object for attaching a advance pdf.
8. script to auto assign Lot Numbers for Item Receipts and for Work Orders. Create a user event script on Item receipt and on work order. In inventory detail field set 
   auto generated lot number as following format 
   For Lot item set 0000005000, 0000005001 etc. and for serialized item set OM Yr - 21, Month - 06, number - 1000
9. Create a Sales Order from requisition capture all values from requisition to sales order once the sales order is created 
   the generated transaction number will be set on requisition and requisition id will be set on sales order.Consider following 
   scenarios:
   a. If the multiple requisitions and same requestor are there then for the same requestor create one sales order
   b. If multiple requisitions and different requestor are there then generate different sales order.
10. On purchase order show an alert message check the vendor which is available on purchase order and vendor which is available on item if both are different then 
    show an alert message
11. Create a map reduce script if on transaction item having back order quantity then close the whole oder, check the item wise location available quantity once all the
    item quantity are available then open an order uncheck a line level closed checkbox.
